Great news! After your compelling message, your target audience has decided to grant your request for a brief meeting. Again, these are busy people, so you’ve only been given a 30-minute window to discuss your ideas on how DevOps can transform your organization.

Your tasks for this assignment are threefold:

1. Draft a short agenda outlining what you’d discuss in a 30-minute long meeting.
2. Develop a brief slide deck (7-10 slides) with a script or notes embedded in your slide deck for your 5-7 minute opening pitch (600-800 written words) in which you articulate how the DevOps principles and practices you discussed in your original message, could be achieved, while also incorporating at least one of the following new topics we’ve covered since that assignment (Organizational Models, Feedback loops, Configuration Management, Continuous Testing, Integration, and Delivery, or Shifting from big batch to small batch). Be sure to reiterate why you believe that adopting DevOps principles and practices is the right thing for your organization. Use as much data as you can to illustrate the value.
3. Include the value stream map you worked on earlier in the module, you will explain how you’d like to engage the broader team in an actual value stream mapping workshop to determine reality.


Review criteria

 
Part 0: Upload your memo/email to provide context for your peers.

Part 1: Agenda

list of agenda items
include estimate times for each item
Ensure your agenda item is clear about your intent.

Part 2: Opening Pitch

In your pitch, you will need to be sure to do the following:

Reiterate the problem statement, tying it back to the original email. Is it cost of deployment, retaining top talent, losing market share, low quality, or incident count is high (MTTR, MTTD)?
Reiterate the DevOps principles or practices that you think would help mitigate the problem(s) you’ve identified and explain why believe that adopting DevOps principles and practices is the right thing for your organization. Use as much data as you can to illustrate the value.
Describe how the DevOps principles and practices you identified could be achieved.
Incorporate at least one of the following new topics we’ve covered since that assignment: Organizational Models, Feedback loops, Configuration Management, Continuous Testing, Integration, and Delivery, or Shifting from big batch to small batch
Include a copy of the value stream map and explain your plan for engaging the broader team in an actual value stream mapping workshop to determine reality.
Create an action slide of 3-4 actions you believe are necessary to get your idea moving forward.
